so in case you haven't noticed it's
spring mother nature has once again
woken up the earth and yeah the birds
are chirping the flowers are out the
trees are budding so it's spring and
with that comes makeup and fashion for
the spring something I really love but
I've never really got into makeup and I
know I'm not the only one out there that
hasn't really gotten into makeup so I'm
thinking this year I would really like
to do an ad spring to my face so I
figured you know what I want to add some
makeup and who better to ask and makeup
Queen foxy silver girls so foxy tell me
how do I bring spring to my face I am so
glad that you asked me that pretty
unique hair because there's nothing that
I like better than showing women how to
be fabulous and foxy and have fun what
are they doing it and what better way to
do that then put a little spring in your
face so let's get started and I'll show
you how we do it now before I talk about
makeup and colors and things of that
nature I always like to talk about women
about taking good care of their skin
because colors just I'm not gonna look
right if your skin isn't right so there
are five things that you always want to
do for your skin you want to make sure
it's clean you want to exfoliate you
want to tone it and for my mature ladies
you especially want to moisturize your
skin and you want to make sure that you
protect your skin during the day so
today we're just going to talk about
color and we're going to talk about
makeup I can't talk about makeup without
talking about fashion fashion makeup
colors in my mind they all go
hand-in-hand
so what's hot for spraying one of the
colors that we should be wearing this
year take a look
so you see the cutter is a bowl they're
bright they just bring you out at the
winter time and it's easy to tell spring
covers because you just look at the
flowers look at what's going on look at
the things that bloom always bold and
bright
so usually spring colors are like that
and the question that comes up next
maybe
there's several ways that you can pick
colors that are just right for you one
of the classic ways and if you want to
make your eyes pop based on your eye
color is to pick colors based on this
chart that that's following up for
example if you have green eyes you're
gonna want to put colors in the purples
they're really gonna make your eyes pop
if you have hazel eyes you can go with
the copper it's blue eyes you can go
with the goals and the Browns and you'll
see in the chart that's coming up so
this is just one way that you can pick
your colors based on your eye color take
a look did you notice our us brown abuse
which is the majority of us bronze tone
women we could wear pretty much any
color any color in the color wheel were
met with our brown eyes and makeup run
I like to pick my makeup based on what
colors I'm wearing that day if I'm
wearing a multi-coloured outfit I'll
generally pick one or two colors out of
that outfit and then I'll work those
into my my eye color in my face color
but then you may say well how do I know
it works for me well people generally
come in two types of skin tones either
very warm skin tone which is the
majority of us brown brown skin ladies
are warm and then they have cool people
who are very cool tone skin tones on
their undertones
now our general rule of thumb is if you
can wear a gold jury and it makes you
shine and and and people just tell you
how great it looks on you and the
chances are you're in the warm color
shades that means you like bright colors
like what I would blood a little bit
bright colors and they're gonna they're
gonna look really good on you
if you wear silver jury quite well and
you love and it looks really good on you
then chances are you gonna be a cool
undertone and probably the blues and the
purples of that'll work better for youth
so a lot of women especially in the two
women tend to say well yeah I really
don't like to wear a lot of makeup I
don't wear makeup what what is just the
bare essentials that I can get away with
what look that I have one today is a
very what I call - out the door look and
basically it's a little eyeliner mascara
I do use a little hot lighter something
for my cheeks and a lip gloss that is
after I've done my foundation and put on
some protections some some foundation
which protects your skin so very simple
sometimes in my videos you'll see my eye
is more made up and I get a lot of
compliments from you all of mine on the
makeup that I use and on those videos I
probably have sometimes three or four
shadows on and in blending so but if you
just want to get out the door the one
thing that is my makeup essential is
eyeliner I will not walk out the door
without my eyeliner because they just
had to accent my eyes now for some
people this mascara for some people is
like some people are straws but for me
the basic extension is eyeliner that's
what I like that's what I do now I do
have another video coming up and in that
video I'm gonna talk about primer what
it does I'm going to talk about
concealer what it does I'm gonna talk
about what you do to get all this stuff
off your eyes when you put it on and I'm
gonna go into a little bit more advanced
techniques on how to apply makeup
especially when it comes to the mat or
eye and things that we need to look look
out for that might be a little bit
unique and a little bit different than
than what the young girls have to look
out for so I hope you enjoyed this video
I hope that it was helpful to you and if
you have any questions any comments some
suggestions that's always I tell you
leave it in the comment boxes below and
I will be so happy to answer them for
you and in the meantime I hope you have
one full day now five